doc/index.rst, before:

.. _`wheezy.web`:

Wheezy Web
==========

Introduction
------------

:ref:`wheezy.web` is a `python`_ package written in pure Python code.
It is a lightweight `WSGI`_ web framework.

It is optimized for performance, well tested and documented.

Resources:

* `source code`_, `examples`_ and `issues`_ tracker are available
  on `bitbucket`_
* `documentation`_, `readthedocs`_
* `eggs`_ on `pypi`_

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted
   examples
   tutorial
   userguide
   modules

.. _`bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web
.. _`documentation`: http://packages.python.org/wheezy.web
.. _`eggs`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/wheezy.web
.. _`examples`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/src/tip/demos
.. _`issues`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/issues
.. _`pypi`: http://pypi.python.org
.. _`python`: http://www.python.org
.. _`readthedocs`: http://readthedocs.org/builds/wheezyweb
.. _`source code`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/src
.. _`WSGI`: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333

Commit message:

Updated documentation per integration with Tenjin templates.

doc/index.rst, after:

.. _`wheezy.web`:

Wheezy Web
==========

Introduction
------------

:ref:`wheezy.web` is a `python`_ package written in pure Python code.
It is a lightweight `WSGI`_ web framework.

The framework is template engine agnostic and provides integration with
the following template systems:

* `Mako Templates <http://www.makotemplates.org>`_
* `Tenjin Templates <http://www.kuwata-lab.com/tenjin/>`_

It is optimized for performance, well tested and documented.

Resources:

* `source code`_, `examples`_ and `issues`_ tracker are available
  on `bitbucket`_
* `documentation`_, `readthedocs`_
* `eggs`_ on `pypi`_

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted
   examples
   tutorial
   userguide
   modules

.. _`bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web
.. _`documentation`: http://packages.python.org/wheezy.web
.. _`eggs`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/wheezy.web
.. _`examples`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/src/tip/demos
.. _`issues`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/issues
.. _`pypi`: http://pypi.python.org
.. _`python`: http://www.python.org
.. _`readthedocs`: http://readthedocs.org/builds/wheezyweb
.. _`source code`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.web/src
.. _`WSGI`: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333
